Mommy, you want to be with scum
Replace the old love and rekindle it?
OK
suppose
I said, what if he's a scum?
He didn't leave you to do a mission either.
What kind of person is Mommy?
So how did you meet?
Beat me up
It was a dark and windy night
I was thrown out of my house.
Met a bad guy
He fell from the sky
Save me like a hero
Know each other and love each other
I gave birth to you.
But he's going on a secret mission
Have to work with us
It's over. I was watching the overbearing officer case
I'm so fascinated
Brought in the heroine
Full of it has always been remembered in my heart
Mom Zebra forgot to tell you
Where's your Daddy?
Worked in the secret service
When mommy fell in love with him
He's using a fake identity and a fake face
So Mommy doesn't know what he looks like.
But he made a pact with Mommy
He'll come back to us when he's done
Mommy, do you think I'm so gullible as a 3-year-old child?
We can't let Manman know how he got here
When did Mommy ever lie to you?
Yeah, Mommy, yeah.
Then he came to see you today
Can I tell you how he gets along with these people?
When did he come to see me?
You still want to cut your thigh today
You said forestry?
He's not your daddy
Didn't I save a child some time ago?
He is the father of that little child.
Daddy didn't recognize Mommy
You've got to fire them.
Wait, when am I going to kiss him on the mouth?
I'm beautiful, you need to be beaten again, right? Don't run away.